well as you can see is in a really
exhausting day at work and now I'm
absolutely very to let my hair down just
wait and watch
system constantly shooting and all the
time in the stands you know it's really
damaging to my hair so I think I'm going
to go for a hydrating hair spot okay I'm
with my magician for the day today
Martina I'm really stressed I have a bad
headache what do you recommend for me oh
I think you need a spa which is very
relaxing and it suits your scalp and
it's really good for the hair as well
and it's the latest if you have a hair
loss it is the anti thinning spa and
there's one for dandruff and one for dry
hair first of course we need to check
the scalp and see whether you have any
dryness or any kind of dandruff but I
don't think you have any because I have
been cutting your hair so hi Lloyd so we
need to wash the hair with the spa
shampoo which is specially for before
the hair spa and then we need to again
check our scalp well I definitely don't
look a pity side right now but I'm ready
for the next step because this is
definitely quieter using it let's go
you're getting a hydrating concentrate
mixed with the nourishing cream pie and
then it's applied on the first of the
scalp and then on the hair
I know it looks gray actually but it
smells absolutely heavenly Wow thank you
and then it is massage for 15-20 minutes
and then you're given a steam with the
steamer Wow Wendy fits my head actually
feels much smoother and nicer healthier
it smells absolutely fabulous
great now I'm ready for my blow dryer
there's nothing like glossy luscious
girls they've done and nobody into a
showstopper and I am not the only one
who loves her locks oh it's fantastic
it's totally relaxing and it just takes
you in a different world altogether you
are totally relaxed it's great actually
you recognize me because I do that
ignite my hips em right now
actually now I know what these actresses
Eli and sass me now definitely going for
a hair spot mr. juvett calm